# Bank_Data
How to apply EDA in a real business scenario.
Business Understanding - The loan providing companies find it hard to give loans to the people due to their insufficient or non-existent credit history. Because of that, some consumers use it as their advantage by becoming a defaulter. Suppose you work for a consumer finance company which specialises in lending various types of loans to urban customers. You have to use EDA to analyse the patterns present in the data. This will ensure that the applicants capable of repaying the loan are not rejected.
So there are two types of risks are associated with the bank’s decision:1-If the applicant is likely to repay the loan, then not approving the loan results in a loss of business to the company and 2-If the applicant is not likely to repay the loan, i.e. he/she is likely to default, then approving the loan may lead to a financial loss for the company.
So we have taken the bank data with all information to find out the pattern behind it
This case study aims to identify patterns which indicate if a client has difficulty paying their installments which may be used for taking actions such as denying the loan, reducing the amount of loan, lending (to risky applicants) at a higher interest rate, etc. This will ensure that the consumers capable of repaying the loan are not rejected. Identification of such applicants using EDA is the aim of this case study.
In other words, the company wants to understand the driving factors behind loan default, i.e. the variables which are strong indicators of default.  The company can utilise this knowledge for its portfolio and risk assessment.
